Add new wombatlite release- branches to docs homepage (#1514)
COSIMA/MOM6-CICE6: documentation/docs/index.md

The `dev-MCW_100km_jra_ryf` configuration has been [archived](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs/releases/tag/archive-MCW_100km_jra_ryf), and isn't currently maintained.

### Comparing configuration branches

GitHub's branch comparison view can be used to see exactly what differs between any two configurations.
This is useful, for example, to see how a `dev-*` configuration differs from the latest `release-*`
configuration it's based on, or how two configurations at different resolutions differ.

To compare any two branches, visit a URL of the form:

```
https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs/compare/{base-branch}..{compare-branch}
```

> replacing `{base-branch}` and `{compare-branch}` with the names of the branches you want to compare.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
replacing `{base-branch}` and `{compare-branch}` with the names of the branches you want to compare. [This command shows a "two dot" diff](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-comparing-branches-in-pull-requests#three-dot-and-two-dot-git-diff-comparisons) not a three dot diff used in pull requests.
```

This will show the `diff` between the `{base-branch}` and `{compare-branch}`. Lines shown in red are

> only present in `{base-branch}` (i.e. removed by `{compare-branch}`) and lines shown in green are only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only present in `{base-branch}` (i.e. absent from `{compare-branch}`) and lines shown in green are only
```

present in `{compare-branch}` (i.e. added relative to `{base-branch}`).

> Tags can be used in place of branch names too, which is useful for comparing against a specific

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tags (or commit hashes) can be used in place of branch names too, which is useful for comparing against a specific
```

> released version rather than the (potentially newer) tip of a branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
released version (or commit, respectively) rather than the (potentially newer) tip of a branch.
```

configuration it's based on, or how two configurations at different resolutions differ.

To compare any two branches, visit a URL of the form:

```
https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs/compare/{base-branch}..{compare-branch}
```

replacing `{base-branch}` and `{compare-branch}` with the names of the branches you want to compare.
This shows the `diff` between the `{base-branch}` and `{compare-branch}`. Lines shown in red are
only present in `{base-branch}` (i.e. absent from `{compare-branch}`) and lines shown in green are only
present in `{compare-branch}` (i.e. added relative to `{base-branch}`).

Note that the `..` produces a ["two-dot" diff](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-comparing-branches-in-pull-requests#three-dot-and-two-dot-git-diff-comparisons)
directly between the two refs, rather than the "three-dot" diff (against their merge base) that GitHub
uses for pull requests.

Tags (or commit hashes) can be used in place of branch names too, which is useful for comparing
against a specific released version (or commit, respectively) rather than the (potentially newer) tip

> of a branch.

Author: ```suggestion
Tags or commit hashes can be used in place of branch names, which is useful for comparing
against a specific released version or commit, rather than the (potentially newer) tip
of a branch.
```

https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs/compare/{base-branch}..{compare-branch}
```

replacing `{base-branch}` and `{compare-branch}` with the names of the branches you want to compare.
This shows the `diff` between the `{base-branch}` and `{compare-branch}`. Lines shown in red are
only present in `{base-branch}` (i.e. absent from `{compare-branch}`) and lines shown in green are only
present in `{compare-branch}` (i.e. added relative to `{base-branch}`).

Note that the `..` produces a ["two-dot" diff](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-comparing-branches-in-pull-requests#three-dot-and-two-dot-git-diff-comparisons)
directly between the two refs, rather than the "three-dot" diff (against their merge base) that GitHub
uses for pull requests.

Tags (or commit hashes) can be used in place of branch names too, which is useful for comparing
against a specific released version (or commit, respectively) rather than the (potentially newer) tip

> of a branch.

Reviewer: > Tags (or commit hashes) can be used in place of branch names too, which is useful for comparing
against a specific released version (or commit, respectively) rather than the (potentially newer) tip
of a branch.

I realise I put the brackets in (I wasn't fully okay with it at the time!)

Given the brackets at the end, maybe this is better? Suggestion:

> Tags or commit hashes can be used in place of branch names, this is useful for comparing
against a specific released version or commit rather than the (potentially newer) tip
of a branch.

Author: Done in [f84df27](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs/pull/1514/commits/f84df274e0c0c155c573470fe5153683a9383443)
